concepts/logic.md: rephrase misreadable sentence. (#132)
cuelang/cuelang.org: content/en/docs/concepts/logic.md

This page explains the core concept on which pretty much everything that is CUE
depends.
It helps to get a top-down understanding and frame of reference,

> but it's not necessary for learning the language.

Reviewer: What do you think about this instead ?

```suggestion
but it is not necessary for learning the language.
```
